[door bell jingling]
[Rue] Maddy arrived
in the city with no money.
a suitcase full of clothes.
and a plan.
Miss Penzler?
Hi. I'm Maddy Perez.
I read your
Wall Street Journal profile
and I want to work for you.
Oh. I appreciate that.
but I'm not currently hiring.
I know I'm not what
you're looking for.
I didn't go to USC.
I didn't even apply to college.
My parents were immigrants.
I know my generation's entitled.
but I don't believe anybody
owes me anything.
I'm not a victim.
I won't be an HR nightmare.
and I believe in capitalism.
Well. that's refreshing.
[phone buzzing]
Miss Penzler's office.
Maddy speaking.
Please hold.
It's Annie.
Hello. darling.
Yes. she's new.
Her name's Maddy.
[Rue] But it's hard
to be successful when
you're not allowed to work.
[Gavin Newsom]
We're not victims
of circumstance.
We need to make
tough decisions.
A statewide order for people
to stay at home.
[explosions booming]
[protester] Fuck the police!
Motherfuckers!
[Maddy] Mom. it's fine.
The riots
haven't gotten here yet.
[siren wailing]
Yes. I have the bear spray.
[Rue] All across America.
young. free people
who didn't give a flying fuck
about a global pandemic
packed their bags
and went west.
[car horn honking]
What if you get sick and die?
I won't.
I'm not old.
- [grunting]
- [Mom] Don't forget
to share your location.
- Bye. Mommy.
- Katelyn!
[♪ "Say So" by Doja Cat
playing on phone]
[Rue]
In pursuit of freedom.
fame. and fortune.
[♪ pop music continues playing]
Maddy's company
was paying her to stay home
and do nothing.
So. she decided
to do something.
♪ You ain't really
been yourself ♪
♪ Tell me. what must I do.
do tell. my love ♪
♪ 'Cause luckily
I'm good at reading ♪
♪ I wouldn't bug him
but he won't stop cheesin' ♪
♪ And we can dance
all day around it ♪
[Maddy] Do you wanna see?
So cute!
[laughing]
- Oh. wow!
- Have you always
been this charismatic?
- I think so.
- It's really unique.
So. do you really
manage Dylan Reid?
He's so down to earth.
I work!
It's what I do!
[Penzler] It's the pandemic.
I mean. don't take it
so personally.
Everybody has had it
with this thing.
People are dying out there.
Nobody's working.
I'm not nobody!
- Baby. I know.
- I'm Dylan fucking Reid.
Look. I think what you're doing
on socials is the future.
What you need
is a career architect.
and I'd love to manage you.
[sighs]
- Ta-da!
- [people laughing]
[Rue] And Maddy
began to introduce
Katelyn around town.
- I like your new friend.
- Client.
- She got a big following?
- Not yet.
Maybe I can help.
[Rue] Once she hit
a million followers...
Yo. watch out. I'm coming in.
I'm coming in. I'm coming in!
[exclaiming]
[Rue]
...it was time to cash in.
Alright. everyone say
"Drill House"
on three. ready?
- One. two. three.
- [all] Drill House!
So. I'm okay with.
like. sexy shoots.
but not really
any. like. nudity.
Yeah. it's important
to have a moral code.
A lot of these girls don't.
Plus. we can imply nudity.
Sideboob. underboob.
Camel toe.
A little ass cheek. Feet.
- Feet?
- Feet.
It's a huge fucking market.
Dirty feet.
- Ew.
- Feet being cleaned.
- Okay.
- Someone kissing your feet.
- Like who?
- Whoever the fuck you want.
We'll build it up
a toe at a time.
[♪ "WASSUP"
by Young Miko playing]
Mom. calm down.
- Yeah. I put the money
in the account.
- [camera clicking]
Your rent check
is gonna clear. I promise.
- No. I don't have time
for a boyfriend.
- Maddy!
[♪ Latin rap music
continues playing]
- [camera clicking]
- [computer mouse clicking]
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
♪ It's baby Miko ♪
Wow.
She's very talented.
In her own way.
Is she single?
And a huge fan.
[people chattering]
- [Katelyn] Hey.
- [Dylan] Hi.
I'm Katelyn.
Maddy said the nicest things
about you.
[sighs] She's so sweet.
[chuckles softly]
- What are you drinking?
- Old Fashioned.
[computer mouse clicking]
What the fuck is this?
That's fake news.
She's not in porn.
Call me old-fashioned.
but if you're sucking your toes
and spreading your beaver.
that's porn.
- The norms are changing.
- Not that much.
Girls like Katelyn
are going mainstream.
It's a booming industry.
Are you taking a commission?
- What are you making?
- Not enough.
You have got to be
fucking kidding me.
Look. my mom's salon
closed down
during the pandemic.
so I've been helping her.
Boo-hoo!
We represent actors.
not fucking porno people.
Well. there's a new
middle ground
- where you can
transition these--
- No. no. listen to me.
Dylan is a star.
Maybe not a movie star.
but a television star.
His career could last
30 or 40 years
if-- if-- his libido
doesn't become
front page fucking news.
- Okay.
- Okay?
- Okay. I understand.
- Don't let this happen again.
- Okay.
- Good.
- [clearing throat softly]
- [Rue] She couldn't afford
- to lose the stability
Penzler provided.
- [sputtering]
So. she was forced
to let Katelyn go.
I'm sorry. I-- I just don't have
the time you deserve.
[sighs]
[Rue]
And a year later...
[Katelyn]
This video is for anyone
who doesn't believe you can
make a real living on here.
This is what I made last month.
$700.000.
So. if you're thinking
of starting an account...
do it!
And use my promo code.
- [director] Cut.
- [sighs]
[Rue] And if Maddy
had followed her instincts.
she wouldn't be an assistant.
[phone buzzing]
She'd actually be successful.
[♪ soft. dramatic music playing]
[scoffs lightly]
♪ How much is that doggie ♪
- ♪ In the window ♪
- [dog barking]
♪ The one with
the waggly tail ♪
♪ How much is that doggie
in the window?
- [dog barking]
- [Alamo] Pull!
[gunshot echoing]
Come on. B. Pull!
[skeet thrower clacking]
- [gunshot]
- Whoo! [chuckles]
Oh. man.
She fires like
a whore's asshole.
Love this shit.
Yeah.
You know.
over 200 years ago...
motherfuckers
were leaving the safety
of their log cabins
to ride out west.
They didn't know
what they'd encounter.
Outlaws. Indians. grizzlies.
Whole fucking endeavor...
was a roll of the die.
Question is...
what am I facing?
And who are you?
- Pull!
- [thrower clacking]
- [gunshot echoing]
- [chuckles]
[pigs squealing]
Shit.
[Rue] Alamo had me
knee-deep in pig shit.
[pigs grunting]
And cleaning up
any trace of Tish.
Tish wasn't the first person
I knew to die
of a fentanyl overdose.
But it was the first death
I'd help cover up.
[metal object clinking]
[Alamo]
Laurie. Laurie. Laurie.
That shit you sold me
was laced with fentanyl.
Well. you hang out
with whores.
so who knows
what they were doing?
[Alamo]
Laurie. when you do
something wrong.
you got to make amends.
Simple concept
of reparations.
How about you take
your reparations
and shove 'em up
your nigger ass?
Oh. we about to make this
a race thing now?
Is that how we're doing this?
[Harley]
You're the one talking
about reparations.
There are reparations
for all kind of shit.
you dumb-fuck motherfucker!
War. Injustice. Economics.
It ain't just
a motherfuckin' Black thing.
I'm trying to be
fuckin' fair with you.
- and now you're coming
with some bullshit!
- [Laurie sighs]
We're not giving you a dime
for a mistake we didn't make.
[Rue]
What Laurie didn't realize...
is that it was a mistake
they made.
Wayne had forgotten to tell
Faye to clean the scale.
And the problem with
fentanyl is. it's so strong.
it only takes a few grains
to kill you.
And unfortunately for Tish.
it had made its way
into the ecstasy.
[Alamo] [on phone]
I ain't askin' for money.
Then. what do you want?
I'll take your girl. Rue.
[Laurie]
Not happening.
She owes me money.
[Alamo] Well. consider
her debt settled.
What do you give
a shit about Rue?
She's half retarded.
Maybe God
brought us together.
[Laurie] I'm really happy
for you. Alamo.
God always puts you together
with very young women.
Rue belongs to us.
You killed one of my bitches.
I'm taking one of yours.
You're a real fucking pig!
The fuck you call me?
You call me a pig?
Oh. first it's a Black thing.
and now it's
a fucking pig thing?
You calling me--
[flames whooshing]
[Rue] I couldn't shake
the feeling that I had
made a deal
with the devil.
But at least I was free.
After that...
Alamo gave me 300 bucks
and told me I was promoted.
I'm not saying believing in God
delivered me from Laurie.
But how else could I explain
my good fortune?
For the first time
in a long time.
things were looking up.
♪
And the job
definitely had its perks.
[knocking] Yo.
Alamo hired a female.
Eh. yeah.
Basically a dude.
Yeah.
Alright. "dude."
We got ket. molly. 2C.
GHB. coco. and crystal.
all on tap.
No drinking. no drugging.
no fucking on the clock.
[stripper] So excited.
we're going to Mexico!
[smacking lips]
[Big Eddy] Hey.
[strippers chattering]
Keep the customers in line.
keep the bitches happy.
and me and you.
we gonna get along fine.
- Alright.
Dismissed.
- Oh. got it. yeah.
- You're dismissed. yeah.
♪ Slim. thick. caramel skin.
5'5". this bitch a ten ♪
♪ Hair done. bills paid.
catch me slidin' in a Benz ♪
♪ I ain't lookin' for no man ♪
Mr. Rolex wants to party.
♪ Louis bag filled with bands.
go on. Sexxy. do your dance ♪
♪ Get it. Sexxy.
get it. Sexxy ♪
[chuckles]
[♪ eerie trap music playing]
[snapping]
[gum smacking]
[moaning]
[chuckles]
Yes. please.
[snorting]
[sniffing] Mm.
Did you shower today?
Clean as a whistle.
[moaning]
- [Angel moaning]
- Oh. my God.
Oh. my God.
Oh. [moaning]
Oh. yeah.
[sloshing]
[coughing]
[strippers laughing]
[stripper]
Anyone heard from Tish?
[Angel] No. she ain't
picking up my calls.
[stripper] She probably
got tired of this fucking place.
[strippers chattering]
[Big Eddy]
You gotta work harder. kiddo.
Yeah.
Alright. now you.
you know you did it.
[groaning]
[Big Eddy whistling]
Don't say I never
gave you nothin'. huh?
[strippers chattering]
[Angel] Where you going?
Nowhere. really.
Got some party leftovers.
Do you wanna have some fun?
I mean...
- [thumping]
- [both moaning loudly]
[speaking Spanish]
[Rue] You like that?
You like that?
[loud moaning continues]
[Rue]
Angel was a hellcat.
Ay-yi-yi.
But I'd be lying if I said
I didn't miss Jules.
[♪ dramatic music playing]
A few years ago. I used
to visit her in the city.
She was in art school.
and I didn't have
much going on.
[inaudible]
But it never quite felt
like it did in high school.
Too much had happened
between us.
And I wasn't
in a great place.
I had relapsed.
Bad.
Hey. Mom. it's Rue again.
Um...
I don't really have anywhere
to go right now.
Um...
I know you don't...
I know you don't want me
around Gia or anything.
but. um. I was just hoping
that you could answer the phone
so I could talk to you.
because I-- I really need
to come home. Mom.
[sobbing] I really need
[whimpering]
And I'm-- I'm sor--
I'm sorry for everything.
But I'm-- I'm clean now.
You know. I'm good. so...
Yeah. just. um.
call me back. okay?
And to be honest...
I haven't really been
sober since.
- [♪ rap music playing]
- [customers chattering.
whistling]
Rochelle. Rochelle. Roch--
I'm calling your name
all fucking night. come on.
Let's fucking go. ladies.
Come on. chop-chop!
Let's get this fucking money.
It's a Friday night.
Stop fucking talking.
[whispering] It's like
herding fucking cats.
- [Magick speaking Spanish]
- [Big Eddy] I'm not arguing
with you. Magick.
You cannot wear it on the floor.
It's a certified boner killer.
But I can win 12 grand
in this lawsuit.
I don't give a fuck.
[speaking Spanish]
You understand?
[continues speaking Spanish]
- Huh?
- Who are you talking to?
I don't speak Spanish.
A private detective.
If you don't take
that fucking thing off
and get out there
and make this money.
we gonna have a real problem.
[speaking Spanish]
Let me wear it.
Please. take your
broke-neck-ass out there
- and get this money!
- [scoffs] Venga.
There ain't but one thing
that's worse
than being called a nigga.
And that's a fuckin' pig.
You know what a pig is?
A motherfucker
that eats his own shit.
Any kinda shit.
all kinda shit.
I look like a shit-eating
nigga to you?
I mean.
maybe a dog-ass nigga.
but not a--
not a pig. though.
You ever been called
a pig before?
I don't recall.
But look.
niggas love bacon.
Nigga. shut the fuck up.
[customers chattering.
whistling]
You good?
Hey. man. I mean.
this girl up here. goddamn!
She'd make a eunuch stand up.
What happened with Tish. huh?
- Fell in love.
- Yeah. at your house?
The fuck it matter where.
Bitch fell in love.
[Bishop]
Ain't you got money to make?
[clapping] Yeah!
What's up with her?
[bartender]
She been mad all day.
Of all the fucking insults
she could have took
from the English language.
that bitch Laurie
called me a motherfucking pig.
- Why a pig?
- That's the
million-dollar question.
- I wouldn't dwell on it.
- Yeah. you wouldn't.
You ain't the one
she called a pig.
- So what?
- 'Cause the bitch
ain't never called me
a pig before.
So. I'm thinking.
what brought that
to the tip of her tongue?
It ain't like
it escalated to pig.
- It just went to pig.
- Yeah. what was her tone though?
- Tone?
- Yeah. I mean. like.
was she hella angry. was it--
Nigga. it ain't about the tone.
it's the word.
"Fuck you."
I can come back from. but...
Look. you and all this pig shit
making my penis soft.
- I'm gonna go see
what these hoes doing.
- Fuck out of here.
Unh. unh. unh...
[Angel] Please. Tish.
just call me back.
'cause I'm fucking
getting worried about you.
I don't fucking care where you--
what you doing. bitch.
But I just-- just call me.
I've been calling you 20 times.
You don't answer.
[sniffling]
Just call me back
and just tell me you're fine.
I love you.
Bitch is forgetting
I'm the motherfucker
who put
her cracker ass on the map.
[grunting] Wasn't nothin' but
a fuckin' junkie from the burbs.
Yeah. I remember.
Yeah. she certainly don't.
Maybe it's time
we reminded her.
[sighs] Alright.
Shit.
[speaking Spanish]
Fuck.
- Watch it. that bitch
will sue you.
- I see that.
[Big Eddy chuckles]
Thanks.
[exhales sharply]
[grunting]
Yeah.
[sighs]
How long you worked here?
Fifteen years.
Best job I ever had.
- What'd you do before?
- [grunting]
Nothin' good.
[chuckles] Same.
[safe closes]
[Big Eddy]
Welcome to paradise. kid.
[Rue] The problem with Uber
is there's too much time
to think about shit.
Just on the road all day.
just fucking thinking.
You know. like why didn't Gia
text me back?
Why haven't I talked
to my mom in two years?
Why am I not with Jules?
Why?
- You wanna be with Jules?
- No. I'm just saying.
like. these are the thoughts
that I have when I'm driving.
But when I'm at
the Silver Slipper.
it's a completely different
fucking thing. you know?
It's a whole
different ballgame.
I'm like. problem solving
left and right.
I don't even think
about Jules. honestly.
- Yeah. that sounds healthy.
- Yeah.
[sighs] But the sugar baby thing
is a little weird. right?
Every girl I meet's
a sugar baby.
It's not that weird.
Yeah. but you don't do it.
I'm not a fucking hooker.
Right.
Maybe I should
reach out to her.
And do what.
lecture her?
Just. like. catch up.
you know?
Even though you don't
think about her?
Yeah.
- Where are you going?
- I have a meeting.
With who?
What?
Cassie?
- No fucking way.
- She DM'd me.
Oh. wow.
[chuckles]
Round two. baby.
Ding-ding-ding!
- Man. I miss high school.
- I don't.
[♪ "I Wanna Be Loved by You"
sung Marilyn Monroe playing]
♪ I wanna be loved
by you. just you ♪
♪ Nobody else but you ♪
[Rue]
Cassie's DM was the first time
Maddy had heard from her
since high school.
♪ Alone.
boop-boop. be-doo ♪
[Rue] It was a shame
she was with Nate.
- [camera clicking]
- Cassie was exactly
the kinda girl
you'd dream of signing.
Beautiful.
but directionless.
[Juana] And smile.
Real big.
- [camera clicking]
- ♪ To make you my own ♪
♪ Ba-dum-ba-dum.
ba-doodly-dum-boo ♪
[Rue]
So desperate for attention.
she's willing
to humiliate herself.
[Juana] There you go.
It's good.
- Bubble.
- ♪ I wanna be loved ♪
- Beautiful.
- ♪ By you alone ♪
[Rue] Those are the kind
of girls you can really mine.
- [camera clicking]
- [Juana] Batter up.
[Rue] Why was she
reaching out now.
after all these years?
What did she want?
Do you ever feel like
your life could be bigger?
Me?
No.
- Even though you're just
a housekeeper?
- Sí.
America...
- My dream.
- ♪ Nobody else but you ♪
- Hm.
- ♪ Ba-deedly-deedly-deedly-dum.
boop-boop-bee-doop ♪
[♪ gentle music playing]
- [staff] Welcome
to the Peninsula.
- [Cassie] Wow!
We got your reserve seats
right here.
- Oh. thank you!
- Some menus for you.
and I'll be right back.
[people chattering]
[♪ uplifting music playing]
♪
No. the director loves her.
I just think it should be
a meeting pending an offer.
[mouthing]
One second.
Yeah.
Okay. thanks. Bye.
[sighs] Sorry I'm late.
It's been such a crazy day.
Hi.
- You look amazing.
- [staff] Can I start
you ladies off
- with some drinks?
- Yeah. can we get
two Aperol Spritz?
- I'll be right back.
- [both] Thank you.
So...
Here we are.
[chuckles]
Looking back...
I should have asked
for permission.
- Permission?
- Your blessing.
What Nate and I were
feeling for each other
was obviously real.
Otherwise. we wouldn't be
getting married.
But I feel like I found
the love of my life...
at the expense
of the other love of my life.
[Rue]
It was at that moment
Maddy realized
that this dumb bitch
waited years
for that ring
just to clear her conscience.
I'm sorry.
[Rue] So. Maddy decided
to go in for the kill.
I forgive you.
[sighs]
[softly] Thank you.
[Rue]
It was the third Aperol Spritz
that brought the truth out.
I just feel like
if more people knew me.
I would be huge.
Define "huge."
Like. when I throw
a pool party.
I am the center
of the attention.
You should see how upset
these wives get
with their husbands.
Well. that's 'cause out there.
you're a big fish
in a small pond.
But what if I was a big fish
in a big pond?
Mm. the market's
just oversaturated
with a lot of girls like you.
But how are all these girls
making so much money
when I am way prettier
than them?
Promotion.
Knowing the right people.
Having good taste.
What do you mean. "taste"?
- The ability to discern quality
and a high aesthetic standard.
- Oh!
Pssh. I have that.
Don't-- don't I have that?
You want
my professional opinion?
Yes!
Fuck. finally!
I mean. this is why I'm here.
- That's why you're here?
- Mm.
- I'm here to apologize to you.
I did not even think
we were gonna get
into this conversation.
Yeah. the doggie video?
It's fun and it's campy.
but it's not sexy.
and it's not timeless.
[singsong]
But it's cute. though.
It just feels
a little desperate.
It feels like you're
trying way too hard
instead of just being.
- Being what?
- Yourself.
But who am I?
That's a really
good question.
Well. no.
'cause I can be anything.
- Huh.
- I mean. I know
you're really. really busy.
But I really want this.
I-- I need this.
Is Nate okay with you
doing nudes?
Oh. yeah!
I mean. as...
- He's so supportive.
- Ah.
As long as I just don't post
on the main page.
Well. then.
let's have some fun.
[Cassie shrieking excitedly]
[knocking]
- [Cal] Hey. Juana.
- Hello. Mr. Cal.
I "Juana. Juana. Juana..."
- [laughing]
- ...make love to you. girl!
You know I "Juana."
- Oh. you're funny. [laughing]
- Look who the cat dragged in.
You got anything to drink?
[computer keys clacking]
[Rue] The last five years
had been humiliating for Cal.
He went from being the town's
top real estate developer...
to a broke sexual deviant
who narrowly avoided prison.
So. I hear Cassie's selling
pictures of herself online.
Where'd you hear that?
Guy I go to SLA with.
What's SLA?
- Sex and Love Addicts.
- Right. Right.
I don't know.
she's doing these. um.
pinup-style photo shoots.
You having financial issues?
- Me?
- You.
Oh. no. no.
No. I'm good.
Trust me. Dad. I'm good.
[Rue]
But Nate was far from good.
[Nate] I had a brilliant idea.
I want Better Angels
to be the sole supplier
of afterlife innovation
to the Sun Settler community.
What are you talking about?
Naz. I'm talking about you
and I in business together.
[clapping. hands rubbing]
Money.
Listen. our problem
is not just gonna go away.
I'm not your problem.
The problem is the fucking
bureaucratic bullshit
in California.
Naz. do you know--
do you know how long
it takes to get a seat
in front of the fucking
Planning and Zoning Commission
in this state?
No. and I really don't give
a fuck. you know?
Yeah. well. you should.
Every fucking
Californian should.
They make it impossible
for a hard-working person
to do business the right way.
Well. my business
is fucking booming.
I got the meeting.
right. with the P&Z.
The plans are gonna pass.
you don't need to worry
- about a thing.
- I'm not worried.
You should be the one
that's worried.
You know why?
Because you owe me
$550.000.
And by next week.
that's gonna be $600.000.
- [whispering] 600.000.
- Yeah.
So. what I suggest
is you pay me
$100.000 by this Friday.
By this Friday?
100.000?
Yeah. this Friday.
Think of it as a way
to regain my confidence.
Yeah. No problem.
- You have my word.
- I'll see you Friday.
Let's make some
fucking money.
I'm not getting
into the morality
of OnlyFans with you.
Once you give in to temptation.
it knows no limits.
I'm speaking from experience.
Yeah. I'm well aware.
I didn't start
by having sex with men.
My first affair was with
a very sexy woman.
Oh. what Cassie's doing
and what you did
are not the same thing. Dad.
I was chasing pleasure
instead of being grateful
for what I had at home.
You're gay.
You're in denial.
and it came out
in very weird ways.
I'm not gay.
I was a hedonist.
You fucked men in the ass.
- So?
- How is that not gay?
I was a pitcher.
not a catcher.
I am not getting in this debate
with you again.
- [meat slapping]
- I have investors coming over.
I need to have
a clear head. please.
- Investors?
- Yeah.
I thought you
closed the round.
Well. I'm opening
a new round.
- [smacking]
- Angel!
- [Angel grunting]
- [objects banging]
You throw one more
fucking shoe at me.
I'm gonna knock you
the fuck out!
- [thud]
- [Big Eddy grunting]
That bitch a Tasmanian devil.
Mm. I got you.
Feminine touch.
Angel?
- Fuck!
- Fuck Alamo!
And fuck all
the bitch-ass niggas
that work for him.
including you!
- Fucking bitch liar!
- Oh. I'm a bitch now?
- Yeah. you're a bitch.
- Oh. okay. I'm a bitch now.
- [Angel exclaiming]
- You like that shit?
- You like that?
- No!
- I don't like it!
- No. I bet you fucking don't
because that shit hurts with
your crazy fucking ass.
- Ow!
- Knock it off!
I should...
We can keep doing this shit
or we can talk.
[clapping]
Yeah. fine. let's talk.
Let's talk.
My best friend's missing.
You and Tish were close.
She's not answering
the fucking phone.
Everyone's telling me
she ran away with
some fucking guy.
Fucking bullshit.
[sniffling]
She OD'd.
No.
Fentanyl.
I'm sorry.
[gasps]
[hyperventilating]
No.
[sobbing]
No. no. no. no!
[Angel sniffling. sobbing]
No!
I'll-- I'll be out here.
[Angel hyperventilating]
[♪ dramatic music playing]
[Rue]
Angel began to spiral.
[indistinct chatter]
[customer]
I want my money back.
This is bullshit.
[Big Eddy] Hey. listen.
Listen. I'm not gonna
give you your money back.
No. no. she's--
she's unconscious.
I paid the money for the dance.
She didn't give me the dance.
I get the mon--
that's how it works.
[knocking]
[Rue] You got work.
[groaning]
[coughing]
- [retching]
- [Rue] You okay?
[sniffling]
Either she goes to rehab
or I kick her ass
to the curb. that's it.
No. she's not gonna be able
to afford rehab.
Mm.
I can.
Wait. really?
Wow. that's really.
really nice of you.
When you own
as many clubs as I do.
pays to have those places
on speed dial.
Right.
You know. Angel. she's a...
she's a little feisty.
Little birdie tells me...
you got a real good thing
going on.
[chuckles]
Yeah. well.
I've never been on this side
- of an intervention before.
- [Alamo] Hm.
Listen here.
You do this thing...
might be another
promotion in it for you.
Gotcha.
Suck my big fat
fucking dick. bitch.
- I'm never going through
no fucking rehab. okay?
- Okay. listen. it's like--
- I'm never going
through no fucking rehab!
- Don't-- put that shit down.
Stop. Stop.
- It's like a paid fucking
vacation. okay?
- Uh-huh. uh-huh.
- You get three meals a day--
- I don't need no help!
- You sleep a bunch.
and sometimes--
- I don't need no help.
- And sometimes
they take you bowling.
- Don't fuck with me because...
- They take you bowling.
It's fine!
- [shouting in Spanish]
- Just go.
- [continues shouting in Spanish]
- I-- No! No!
Don't fuck with me!
[Angel muttering in Spanish]
You know. life is precious.
I don't know about that.
[sighs]
This is a weird place.
California?
[Angel] You know.
more people go missing here
than anywhere else in America.
It's like there's a big magnet
under the soil.
Attracting evil.
[♪ tense music playing]
Death is not a niche market.
You know. we absolutely
believe that Sun Settlers
is a nationwide business.
Alright. so if I send you
my mother-in-law.
- you promise to kill her?
- [chuckles]
- With dignity and grace.
- [laughter]
I'll take it.
[laughter continues]
Hi!
I have to show you something.
- What?
- [whispering] Follow me.
- [party chatter]
- [♪ upbeat music playing]
So. you're already expanding?
The demand is just too big.
Okay. dude.
how do I get in on this?
Well. you'd actually
have to be rich.
Fuck you. I'm rich.
[chuckles]
We're oversubscribed.
- Oh. wow.
- Keep flipping.
- Baseball.
- Mm-hmm.
Why are you dressed
as a baby?
Oh. it's a whole subculture.
- Babies?
- Adult babies.
Ew.
Who wants to see an adult baby?
Some people do.
It's huge.
I keep getting
all these requests.
Teething rings.
Bassinets.
Some people even wanna
see me wear a diaper.
What? That's sick.
I know. right?
$100.000. that means
nothing to me.
Well. how much
did Fred put in?
A lot more than that.
[Heather]
Then why are you doing it?
Well. if I don't.
someone else will.
It's just supply and demand.
[Fred]
What the fuck?
- An adult baby?
- That's what I said.
Why?
Well. why would she do that?
I guess Nate can't afford
the wedding.
Trust me.
Nate can afford the wedding.
What I saw
was extremely disturbing.
Hon. I'll look into it.
[Heather] I know.
I have some good ones.
[both chuckle]
- [Nate] Come here.
- What?
Cass. come here.
- Uh. we can throw all that away.
- Okay.
- Hey.
- Show me your phone.
- Why?
- This is serious.
[laughing]
Did you say something?
- No.
- [Nate] About what?
I'm not gonna
show you my phone.
Why not?
You hiding something?
[scoffs] No.
Oh. 'cause the whole town's
talking about how my wife-to-be
is spread eagle on the internet.
Hey. guys.
thanks for the party.
[overlapping farewells]
- See ya. pal.
- [Nate] Hey. drive safe.
Bye! You did say something.
I swear to God.
I would never.
Andy's wife is
talking about it.
How does Andy's wife
know that I have an OnlyFans?
[Nate]
Because she's home alone
with a newborn.
Oh. fuck her. she's uninvited
from the wedding.
This isn't about Andy's wife.
this is about you
and what you're doing
behind my back.
Uh. you gave me permission.
And if you weren't
having money problems.
then this wouldn't
even be a thing.
- It's not that I can't
afford $60.000--
- Fifty.
- Whatever!
- Whatever?
This is the biggest day
of our lives.
- Just delete the account.
- Pay for the flowers.
[scoffs] I will get you
all the flowers that you want
if you just delete
this account now. please.
[tapping table]
[groaning]
Fucking blackmail.
[Nate sputtering]
[clearing throat]
E-Excuse me. Mr. Nate.
- Huh?
- Do you want me
to save any of the food?
Sure.
- [Juana] The patties?
- Yeah.
- Uh. what about the hot dogs?
- Okay.
The macaroni?
- No.
- The cheese?
- Uh. potato salad?
- Yep.
- The vegetables?
- No.
- Uh. what about the fruit salad?
Jua-- Juana. please.
- The cookies?
- Juana. enough.
- Deviled egg?
The pigs in blanket?
- Stop. stop. stop.
Juana. I'm gonna kill you.
[Cassie sighs]
Happy now?
Relieved.
How 'bout you?
I'm ecstatic. [giggles]
- Thanks. babe.
- Mm.
Of course.
[dishes lightly clattering]
Should we go?
- We should go.
- Mm.
Yeah. let's go.
Great party. man.
- See you later. buddy.
- Yeah.
- Great party.
- Yeah. bye.
Juana. save those
pigs in a blanket.
Good boy.
[Angel groaning lightly]
[video game playing on phone]
[knocking]
Uh. this is Hope Springs. right?
Yeah.
I have a patient.
You work for Alamo?
[clicking tongue] Yeah.
We've been expecting you.
- [video game continues]
- [phone beeping]
[receptionist] New arrival.
[phone hanging up]
[video game continues]
[voice]
Bonus round.
[video game continues]
[whimpering. sniffling]
[whispering]
I'm scared.
Hey.
It's gonna be okay.
It's not gonna be that long.
and I'll be back.
and I'll pick you up.
- You promise?
- Yeah.
- Yeah. I promise. come on.
[whimpering softly]
Come on.
You're good. Let's go.
[footsteps approaching]
[Rue sighs]
[♪ soft. dramatic music playing]
Uh. do I need
to fill anything out?
No.
There's no paperwork?
Nope.
Okay.
[sighs]
- [keys jingling]
- Uh. yeah. I just
dropped her off.
[Bishop]
Copy that.
Um. I'm a little worried
about her. though.
[Bishop] God helps those
who help themselves.
[car horn honking]
- Shit.
- [keys jingling]
[car starting]
I just grew up in a house
with a lot of secrets...
and a lot of lies.
I just don't ever want to be
in that situation again.
I understand. I'm sorry.
[sighs]
I'm gonna tell you something
that might make you angry.
What?
Maddy's been helping me.
My Maddy?
No. my Maddy.
You're talking about
my ex-girlfriend?
She was my best friend.
Okay. so same Maddy.
We're friends again.
- And how did that happen?
- I reached out.
- She's an expert.
- [scoffs]
- At what?
- Social media.
- You mean porn.
- It's not porn. it's erotica.
Oh. is that
what Maddy told you?
No. I'm telling you.
What do you think
she wants?
To be my friend again?
[sighs] And to manage me.
Yeah. well. your career is over.
Well. I invited her
to the wedding.
As revenge?
I hate to break it
to you. babe.
but not everyone's
in love with you.
[Nate chuckles]
Mm.
- Oh. I love your big.
fat fucking cock.
- [grunting]
I'm gonna fuck
your fucking guts out.
- Oh. shit!
- [moaning] Don't stop.
Don't stop!
[moaning loudly]
- [loud crashing]
- [glass shattering]
- Fuck was that?
- Who cares?!
Oh. shit.
[continues moaning loudly]
[loud banging]
[mysterious roaring]
[roaring and squealing
continue]
[squealing. banging continue]
Is that a dinosaur?
I'm gonna find out.
Hey! Come on.
What the fuck is that?
Oh. she a big fucker.
- [pig squealing]
- You gotta be kidding me.
- Go on. get.
- Come on. you fucker.
Lieutenant Dan.
you're fired.
- [squealing continues]
- Here. let's push her this way.
- Fat piece of shit.
- [all grunting]
- Hey. she pissed
all over the carpet.
- Oh. shit.
[banging]
Get! Get!
- Gotta go this way.
- [glass breaking]
Hold up. whoa. whoa!
Ah. fuck. I stepped in it.
- [pig grunting]
- [softly] Oh. my God.
[grunting] Fuck is this?
[panting]
[Laurie]
"Remember the Alamo"?
[receptionist] He said he'd be
here in about five minutes. so.
Yeah.
[indistinct chatter]
[chuckles softly]
I like the new look.
[♪ uplifting music playing]
[Rue chuckles softly]
[both laughing]
[dings]
[♪ upbeat music begins playing
on speaker]
Where are you living?
Uh. right now
I'm on Lexi's couch.
But. uh. sometimes Ali.
sometimes...
my van.
But I'm-- I'm gonna get
my own place soon.
Nothing as fancy
as this. though.
- So. you're working?
- Yeah. at a strip club.
Just managerial stuff.
but surrounded
by a lot of beautiful women.
There's a lot of temptation.
And I guess 'cause
I'm in a position of power.
the girls. like.
throw themselves at me.
But you're sober?
Yeah.
California sober.
So. sometimes I drink.
sometimes I smoke
a little bit of weed.
- [lighter flicking]
- But. uh. I avoid things
- that can destroy my life.
- [cigarette sizzling]
And yet. you showed up here?
What. do you think
you're dangerous?
I think over time.
it's easy to romanticize things.
Forget details.
Yeah. but you
don't ever get nostalgic?
I mean.
I don't miss high school.
or the suburbs. or...
Us.
Were we ever good together?
Back then?
Not really.
Exactly.
So. I'm assuming
the whirlwind romance thing
is off the table.
[inhales sharply]
I don't think my boyfriend
would approve.
Oh.
Boyfriend.
So. it's a real relationship.
Not just like
a financial agreement?
Where'd you get that idea?
I don't know. this apartment?
He wasn't using it.
Okay. well... [grunting]
where is he then?
He's at his place.
Yeah. with his family.
I see.
You disapprove?
No. I'm just saying this guy
is living. like. a double life.
That's not a fucking
red flag to you?
What if his wife's okay with it?
She is?
I don't think people
are meant to be monogamous.
So. what you're saying is
I still have a chance.
You can't just show up
after all this time
and think everything's
gonna be the same.
♪ Time is so old ♪
♪ And love so brief ♪
[whispering] Fuck.
♪ Love is pure gold ♪
[sighs]
- ♪ And time a thief ♪
- [water running]
♪ We're late ♪
♪ Darling. we're late ♪
♪ The curtain descends.
everything ends ♪
I'm gonna take a bath.
Uh. okay. I'll just.
uh. finish my drink.
then I'll hit the road.
You're not gonna
keep me company?
♪ Speak low to me ♪
♪ Speak love to me
and soon ♪
[♪ dramatic vocal music playing]
♪
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm